docs: polish gh-ost-integration.md (#997)
bytebase/bytebase: docs/design/gh-ost-integration.md

[--execute]
```

> gh-ost uses the same user and password up climbing the replication topology if `master-user` and `master-password` are not provided. It's the user's responsibility to set up a dedicated user with the necessary privileges for replication and gh-ost.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
gh-ost uses the same user and password discovering the replication topology if `master-user` and `master-password` are not provided. It's the user's responsibility to set up a dedicated user with the necessary privileges for replication and gh-ost.
```

In the output, you can see the main components of gh-ost.

**Migrator** is the schema migration manager.

**Inspector** reads data from the read-MySQL-server (typically a replica but can be the master). It gets initial status and structure and later follows up on progress and changelog.

**Streamer** reads data from binary logs and streams it on.

**Applier** connects and writes the applier-server where migration happens. Applier is the one to write row data and apply binlog events onto the ghost table.

> **Throttler** collects metrics related to throttling and makes the informed decision whether throttling should take place. Here throttling means to pause.

Reviewer: These are from gh-ost code comments. I might just leave them be.

Author: It can still be suboptimal. If it's not a quote per se, I think we should use the optimal expressions.

Reviewer: I think both are ok.

## User workflow

Users can set a workspace-level gh-ost configuration, which will be the default.

> The user can select to use gh-ost and supply statements in the UI workflow.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the UI workflow, The user can select to use gh-ost and supply statements.
```

Reviewer 2: In the UI workflow, the user

Reviewer: > In the UI workflow, the user

Changed. Thanks.

> In VCS workflow, user commit `{{ENV_NAME}}/{{DB_NAME}}__{{VERSION}}__{{TYPE}}__{{DESCRIPTION}}.ghost.sql` to trigger gh-ost to execute migration. We use the suffix to tell if it is a gh-ost migration. The content is a vanilla SQL statement.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the VCS workflow, user commit `{{ENV_NAME}}/{{DB_NAME}}__{{VERSION}}__{{TYPE}}__{{DESCRIPTION}}.ghost.sql` to trigger gh-ost to execute migration. We use the suffix to tell if it is a gh-ost migration. The content is a vanilla SQL statement.
```

- [GCP](https://cloud.google.com/sql/docs/mysql/users)
- [aliyunrds](https://help.aliyun.com/document_detail/161152.html)
- [azure](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/mysql/howto-create-users)
- [aws](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonRDS/latest/UserGuide/Appendix.MySQL.CommonDBATasks.html) (Stored procedures)

We will take the first approach, and this section is left here for information.

### gh-ost execution stages

We will divide gh-ost execution into different tasks. Each task needs to be approved by the user to proceed. These tasks are described in detail in the following sections.

1. Pre-migration check. We run gh-ost with a no-op flag to check the user's input.
2. In-migration,
    1. After approval, gh-ost performs the migration and syncs the ghost table with the original table.
    2. There is a cut-over phase when the ghost table is in sync with the original table. We will only allow gh-ost to do the cut-over if user-approved.
3. After migration, the final task is to delete the original table if the user approves.

### Pre-migration validation

> gh-ost has many requirements and limitations. We want to check whether gh-ost is good to go before the actual migration. To validate it, we run gh-ost with a no-op flag. If any, we will return the error to the user and let the user handle it. The error includes but is not limited to the following.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
gh-ost has many requirements and limitations. We want to check whether gh-ost is good to go before the actual migration. To validate it, we run gh-ost with a no-op flag. If there is any error, we will return the error to the user and let the user handle it. The error includes but is not limited to the following.
```

- SQL statement not legal
- `_tablename_ghc` present
- `_tablename_gho` present
- binlog format is not row based.

> The following will be a new task check run type.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The above will be a new task check run type.
```

Author: If you're referencing `TaskCheckDatabaseSchemaUpdateGhost`, I suppose it's *below* or *following*?

Reviewer: Yes, I am referencing `TaskCheckDatabaseSchemaUpdateGhost`. "Above" means the above discussion entails such type in the following. I guess it's ambiguous here.

Reviewer: Updated the suggestion.

### Crash recovery

If it crashes halfway when migrating on `tablename`, we will end up with the original `tablename`, and `_tablename_gho`, `_tablename_ghc`. Our task check for gh-ost pre-migration validation will fail if `_tablename_gho` or `_tablename_ghc` is present. But if the user insists on running, we would drop `_tablename_gho` and `_tablename_ghc` for the user, rerun gh-ost.

However, we need to refactor pre-migration validation and migration status because the current logic doesn't allow migration to have the same version, and a rerun will lead to failure. We can refactor to reuse the same version to keep it idempotent.

Another approach is to abandon the previous version and start a new issue with a new version. The benefit is that we don't have to support rerun, so it's less complex.

For the first iteration, we just let it fail.

### After Migration

After the migration is finished, we will have `tablename` and `_tablename_del`. The latter is the original table. We are too scared to delete the original table for the user, so we'll generate a task to delete the table if approved by the user.

### Task dependency

> Tasks in the same stage run one by one for now. With gh-ost integration, we introduce task dependency. As mentioned above, the "cut-over" task depends on the "run" task. A task can only be running if all of its dependencies are finished. Tasks with no common dependencies can run in parallel.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Tasks in the same stage run one by one for now. With gh-ost integration, we introduce task dependency. As mentioned above, the "cut-over" task depends on the "run" task. A task can only be running if all of its dependencies are finished. Tasks that are not blocked by dependencies can run in parallel.
```
